Now create a persona on a chef that only uses takeachef.com.
Now you're a chef that needs constant analytics on things, and if you're gonna use multiple websites, all you really would want is like ChefFlow, your website, and Take a Chef. You would probably use them all three in tandem, and your website is constantly getting hit up, and your website's hosted through Wix.And you're obsessed with everything Wix offers, like Wix, you pay for like the Wix premium, and you wish you could stop paying for it, but it offers too much.
Now you're a chef that needs constant analytics on things, and if you're gonna use multiple websites, all you really would want is like ChefFlow, your website, and Take a Chef. You would probably use them all three in tandem, and your website is constantly getting hit up, and your website's hosted through Wix.And you're obsessed with everything Wix offers, like Wix, you pay for like the Wix premium, and you wish you could stop paying for it, but it offers too much.
Now you're a chef that needs voice automation for absolutely everything. People call you all day, and you have to call people all day with mundane tasks. You have to constantly call grocery stores and try to leave orders to get picked up or see what's in stock. You're a chef that's constantly on the phone, and you're sick of it. You wish you could either have something that did everything for you, or at least had a hybrid where you used voice automation for everything and had a voice automation system. And then obviously, you need a full tracking system with what's ever been done and who did what in a sourcing system.
Okay, now you're a chef that has a very generic name, like John Smith, and the whole thing, the whole persona behind this one is that the fact that your name is John Smith has created so much havoc in your life and that you never stick out. It's very hard for you to stick out. It's very hard for people to find you. Like, people think that you're fake. Like, having a name John Smith has been such a hassle and that you always need to try to stick out or you always need to tell somebody, oh, I'm John Smith from so-and-so. And you always run into a problem where when you type in, like, John Smith on Facebook, like, no one can ever find you because there's so many John Smiths. And that you're sick of it. And that you wish there was this, like, you wish there was more exclusivity and a more simple quality of life behind people with this sort of problem, but you also understand that it's a very unique issue.
Now you're a chef that deals with so much legal paperwork and legal stuff because you constantly have to set up new events, and you have to figure out liquor licensing stuff. You have to figure out, like, day event licensing for like when you do markets. You need to, um, you're constantly um figuring out when the food inspector is gonna be at your locations. You're like, you're a chef that's completely worried about and always on top of the ball when it comes to anything licensing, permitting, or anything of that sort. Legality stuff.
Now you're a chef that handles an insane amount of money daily, and it's not always your money, it's like your client's money, and it's multiple clients' money because you're buying groceries on people's behalf. You're a private chef that's also pretty much an assistant to like a whole family, and they're very high tier, so they just give you money to do everything, and you always have to track your spending and report back to them and like even give money back to them. You know, it's that whole scenario where like, you basically have a credit card with the family, or you have the family has your own, like you, the family gives you your own debit or credit card.
Now you're an international chef that is living in America, and you struggle with your English, but you want to learn English very badly. But you're also great at English, to a degree. Other people would say that you're great at English. But you're, but you live, you wish you could live in this, like, harmonized world where It was just like, everything was easily translated or whatever without making it seem like it's for you. Like websites are automatically translated, you have Google Translate on your phone all the time. Like any website you go to should be extremely easily translatable because you already have the infrastructure on your phone that makes any website translatable. You're like always looking for community things to do and to be more involved.
All right, now you're another foreign chef dealing with obviously the same issues, but something completely different, and your lifestyle is different.Like, for example, you're a chef, you could be a chef that's Korean, living in America, but you need, you need all your websites in Korean. Even, like, even though no one else speaks Korean, and that you're perfectly bilingual, you still like things in Korean.
Now you're a chef that's American-raised, but you're in Europe and other parts, you're in Europe at a very high-end French Michelin-star restaurant, and you're trying to wrap your head around metric and you always wish, and you just wish the imperial system never existed, and that your whole brain exists on the imperial system, and that it's now it's biting you in the ass.
I want you to rewrite the last thing and say something cool, where like, they cook chicken to like a certain, like, even when you convert the temperatures from like 180 Celsius to Fahrenheit, it's still not even like normal numbers that you would use, because the numbers are so different. Like, for example, 180 Celsius translates to 356 Fahrenheit, which is bizarre to write down 356 Fahrenheit. So not only are you, you're just like living in this world, it's just like, it's just very hard to wrap your head around stuff.And that you're very precise. So, um, saying that 180 Celsius is just estimated to 350, like, it bothers you. And obviously you can live with it, but it bothers you, it bothers you that you have to, it's not a direct conversion, and people still talk like that, and all this stuff. That you're trying your best to note take, but it's a lot.
Now you're a chef that's fresh out of culinary school, and you've been working at a Michelin-starred restaurant for six months, and you always need to make sure that you have everything on you. So you need to have your thermometer, you need to have a pen, you need to have a marker, you need to have your notebook, and that you also are constantly, constantly, constantly taking notes to the point where you have like a whole archive of notes.
Now you're a chef that has used other promising platforms to help you with this, and you've gotten all of your data leaked. And it's gotten you in really, really hot water because all of your data is like private conversations, private addresses, people's phone numbers, people's bank information. Like, it's almost destroyed your reputation and your business dealing with other websites like this.
Now you're a chef that is so good that everyone's convinced you to start your own business, and yet you did, but you never realized that starting your own business would practically mean that you have to stop being a chef, because now, now your whole workflow has completely taken away from being able to cook, and you don't know what to do about it.
Now you're a chef that is constantly forgetting to do stuff. You're constantly, you're like immediately opening up every single message you ever get from anybody, no matter what source it's on. And it's really bad because once you do that, not only do you, are you not responding because you're procrastinating, but now that notification is gone, and you didn't write it down. So as far as you know, like, like, you're, like, it's in the void now, you know what I mean? Like, it's completely lost to the void. And then it, then that behavior stacks. And it's awful, and you can never catch up.
Now do another one just like it, but bring up different things.
Now you're a chef. This is a weird one, but I'm actually basing this on somebody I know, which is cool. Now you're a chef that is allergic to many, many, many things. Like, you personally, as a chef, are allergic to many things, such as seafood. But you don't let it stop you. And, um, what you've learned over time, that you also shouldn't tell your clients this, because then they feel really bad. So, for example, if you're cooking something that you're allergic to, you need to, you always need to, um, address that within your own notes so that you, so that you're careful with every single step of the way.
Now you're a chef that works on a Michelin star restaurant. You don't care about fine dining. You care about cool, strict, fine dining, like multi-course menus that are extremely balanced and cover every aspect, from like having something crunchy to having something acidic to making sure that like you have a palate cleanser. Every dish is perfectly balanced.
Now you're a chef that works at a high-end restaurant 20 hours a week, and then 40 hours a week, you work at a tech startup that is making millions of dollars, and it's equivalent to a company like Clover or DoorDash. And I want you to use simple terminology where, like, and I want you to use simple but complex computer science terminology that basically says, like, if it doesn't integrate my text messages or my email, then I'm out. Like, why would I even use the program? I would just build something myself. Like, we base, because you learn that the source of all truth within your own life is communication threads. And if you know all communication threads, then you know what you need to do in your life every second of your life. So I want you to say something like a, almost like a very pretentious tech-savvy computer genius would say, where like, oh, if it doesn't do this, then I'm not gonna do it. Then I'm not using it. And make it based around a bunch of things, but make it about, like, like, for example, text messages. Be like, oh, I get a lot of text messages about dinners from people I know and people I don't know that rely on me instantly. Like, and if it's not, like, routed XYZ to XY and whatever, then I'm simply not gonna use it. I'm not, I'm not going to make it so you basically say the quote, like, I'm not gonna re-digitize my life when everything could be atomized, because that basically means I would have to do everything twice that I ever do to upload it somewhere else. And that's, that's something that's that an idiot would do.
Now you're a chef that is really good at what they do, but people personally think you are overbearing and annoying, and they hire you, but if you look at your ratings, if you look at this person's ratings, they're not very good. And they're very strict. They're almost like a Marco Pierre White guy, and they always bring chaos to any platform. And it's not good. They always like stir up drama everywhere they go, but they're good at what they do. And like, there's been exact moments where, like, they've caused a bunch of beef on, like, Twitter, or like beef on other culinary apps or social media apps.
Now you're a chef that's pretty much also an event planner. You're constantly trying to figure out the next place you're gonna hold an outdoor or indoor event, or the next person you're gonna work with. You're constantly trying to get series going where there's consistent things happening. You're a chef that's pretty much an event planner, also. And you always have to figure out, like, the exact location you're going to eventually, and obviously it's expected you won't know it right away until things are confirmed. Um, you're a chef that constantly has to manage how you're gonna transport everything. Like, if you don't have your fully mapped out plan of how you're gonna transport everything, then it's a complete failure.Simple stuff. Starting with simple stuff, with like, a cooler packed with ice and trying to make sure that cooler is like sitting in the walk-in first and all, sitting in the walk-in or freezer all night. The walk-in freezer, you know, to even double down. And then also, stuff like making sure you have your watch, your chef jacket, your thermometer, your knife kit, everything. Tables. You know, like, you always have to set up your own event, or you have to show up in someone else's kitchen and you're not sure what you're gonna have, even though they told you what they're gonna have. You always have to, you literally always have to talk with the person who has the space about what each other are going to have for that event and cause a lot of vendors already that you work with and venues that you work with are already going to have equipment, and then some are gonna have nothing. Some might come with everything, some might come with nothing, but you always need to determine what you need to have and what you don't need to have by default and everything else.
Now you're a private chef that has desperately needed help and never been able to find it, and have always had a hassle trying to find help. And sometimes all you just need is another chef, you don't need like, or you just need like someone that will just pass food out. Like you literally are having extreme amount of, you can never find a like-minded chef or a simple server, and you do like small parties at people's houses.
Now you're a restaurant. Now you're a chef that's so successful. You've been so successful for the last 20 years. You've ran restaurants. You've opened restaurants. Now you are a private chef. You do everything. You do absolutely everything. You're almost just like, you're one of those, like, huge corporate chefs now that just walks in between all the restaurants and makes sure everything tastes good and everything's up to speed. You also do your own private dinners for like very famous celebrities, and you're always a part of like big functions and trying to micromanage everything.And you're always getting, like, dragged around, what it feels like, but you just have to always be places. Like, somewhere to, I don't know.
Now you're a private chef that's extremely well-seasoned and vetted, and you work at restaurants, you are a private chef, you make really good money, and you have a whole ledger and chef ledger of people that you know that you can call upon for certain things. And you have an extreme amount of internal notes on all of your personal chef network friends. So like, you know what they're good for. Like you know that you can call this guy for pastry questions, you know, you can call this guy for like money questions, you know, you can talk to this guy about personal things that might be happening in the restaurant. You know you can talk to this guy about business stuff. You know you can talk to this guy, and most importantly, too, you know who not to talk to, but they're still a good network connection. So like, you know exactly who's reliable and who's not, and why. And you have just years of data on this, and you have to track this data going forward.
Please do another one like that.
Now do another one like this, but you need to You need, like, some sort of platform that's even better than sending somebody a Google document or sending someone an email. Like, you need a platform that that other person has where you can often to having that other person have direct access to certain data. Like, certain data on your profile is just streamlined with that other person. And obviously, you don't do it for everything, but you do it for some stuff. Like, like, you do it for every culinary event you have. Like, right now, right now it's very important to you that you have like a basically like a, yeah, that you have all that.
Now you're a chef that has no clue how to handle your finances, and everybody tells you that you have to save 30%, but to you as a chef, that makes no sense because your bank doesn't let you have more than one account. So if you, and you're supposed to leave money in your bank account, right? In your business bank account, and you don't, you don't know anything about finances. And as far as you know, you, you're, you're supposed to leave 30% in your own business bank account to pay taxes, right? And you don't know how to avoid touching it because it sits in your bank account and it's always being touched. Like there's no way you, you haven't figured out how to put 30% aside. And you also haven't been properly tracking any finances, so you don't even know what 30% is. And you, and you've just been told 30%. Like you don't even know what that means. You don't know anything.
Please write five in a row that all surface brand new issues and builds, please. This is amazing. Thank you.
now youre a cool chef

Now you're even a cooler chef. You're the coolest chef.
I know it's hard to believe, but now you're even cooler than that. You're like the coolest thing on the planet when it comes to culinary.
Please do another one just like this.
Do 10 more like this without resurfacing like duplicate data. Like we're trying to find brand new things. Each thing should surface brand new pass and fail conditions, please, because you've hit a goldmine with what we're talking about with this right now.
Now you're somebody who loves AI, private AI. It's explicitly and only private AI, and that you know everything about like Gemma 4, and that you can run, and that you encourage everybody runs local AI on their devices now, and that these local AIs have um integrations with these programs that let it make it so you could literally use your AI on anything that you want. And so like if you're going to use a program that has AI, you should just use your AI with that program instead of using their AI, and that their AI should just have a little drop tab that changes it to yours, or better yet, the AI doesn't work unless you set up yours. And everything is so accessible now, especially with Gemma, E2B, and E4B running on people's phones and computers.
All right, make five more just like this.I need you to say actual models and what I said, so that when I send these, it knows to use that hardware and to take advantage of it. Because it won't, it won't, it will only like vaguely do the newest research and all this stuff. Like, we need to like, have the newest integrations and actually say the stuff. So you can make it sound like a, a chef that's a, a super tech nerd, or even has a very large engineering background. Uh, so yeah, write 10 more.
If you think you can surface more things that can make our AI better without creating diminished returns, go ahead and do so.
Now you're a chef that's obsessed with loyalty points and rewards. Write 10 of them.


---
<!-- PIPELINE VALIDATION FAILED (score: 0)
Missing sections: identity, primary_failure, structural_issues, psychological_model, pass_fail
Flags: none
Rejected: 2026-05-01T17:48:22.230Z
-->


---
<!-- PIPELINE VALIDATION FAILED (score: 0)
Missing sections: identity, primary_failure, structural_issues, psychological_model, pass_fail
Flags: none
Rejected: 2026-05-01T19:09:52.578Z
-->
